input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 12 steps
tree is (((((Yoruba, Berber), Chinese), Neanderthal), ((((Hylobates_lar, (Pongo_pygmaeus_1, Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1)), Gorilla_gorilla_1), Pan_paniscus_1), Pan_troglodytes_1)), Georgian)

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 12 steps
tree is (Pan_paniscus_1, ((Pan_troglodytes_1, (Georgian, (Neanderthal, (Chinese, (Berber, Yoruba))))), (Gorilla_gorilla_1, ((Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1, Pongo_pygmaeus_1), Hylobates_lar))))

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 12 steps
tree is (Hylobates_lar, ((Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1, Pongo_pygmaeus_1), (((Pan_troglodytes_1, ((((Berber, Yoruba), Chinese), Neanderthal), Georgian)), Pan_paniscus_1), Gorilla_gorilla_1)))

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 13 steps
tree is ((((Gorilla_gorilla_1, ((Pan_troglodytes_1, ((Neanderthal, ((Berber, Yoruba), Chinese)), Georgian)), Pan_paniscus_1)), Hylobates_lar), Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1), Pongo_pygmaeus_1)

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (((Scer, Spar), (((Scas, (Calb, Sklu)), Sbay), Skud)), Smik)

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (Spar, (Scer, (Smik, ((Skud, Sbay), (Scas, (Sklu, Calb))))))

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (Sklu, ((Scas, ((((Scer, Spar), Smik), Skud), Sbay)), Calb))

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 5 steps
tree is (((Smik, ((Scas, (Sklu, Calb)), (Sbay, Skud))), Scer), Spar)

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is ((((Skud, (Sbay, (Scas, (Sklu, Calb)))), Smik), Scer), Spar)

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 7 steps
tree is (((Calb, Sklu), ((Skud, Sbay), (Smik, (Scer, Spar)))), Scas)

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is ((((Skud, ((Spar, Scer), Smik)), Sbay), (Sklu, Calb)), Scas)

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is ((((Sbay, Skud), ((Sklu, Calb), Scas)), (Scer, Spar)), Smik)

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 12 steps
tree is (((((((Georgian, ((Chinese, (Berber, Yoruba)), Neanderthal)), Pan_troglodytes_1), Pan_paniscus_1), Gorilla_gorilla_1), Pongo_pygmaeus_1), Hylobates_lar), Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1)

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 7 steps
tree is (Smik, ((Skud, (Sbay, ((Calb, Sklu), Scas))), (Spar, Scer)))

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (((Sklu, Calb), ((Skud, Sbay), (Smik, (Spar, Scer)))), Scas)

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 12 steps
tree is (Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1, (((Gorilla_gorilla_1, (((Georgian, (Neanderthal, ((Yoruba, Berber), Chinese))), Pan_troglodytes_1), Pan_paniscus_1)), Hylobates_lar), Pongo_pygmaeus_1))

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (Sbay, ((((Spar, Scer), Smik), Skud), (Scas, (Calb, Sklu))))

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (Skud, (Sbay, ((Scas, (Sklu, Calb)), ((Scer, Spar), Smik))))

input file: primate_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 776, each start on average took 13 steps
tree is (Pan_troglodytes_1, ((Pan_paniscus_1, ((Hylobates_lar, (Pongo_pygmaeus_abelii_1, Pongo_pygmaeus_1)), Gorilla_gorilla_1)), (Georgian, ((Chinese, (Berber, Yoruba)), Neanderthal))))

input file: yeast_gene1_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 1648, each start on average took 6 steps
tree is (Sklu, ((Scas, ((Skud, (Smik, (Spar, Scer))), Sbay)), Calb))

input file: yeast_gene2_seqs.phylip, optimal parsimony score is 684, each start on average took 5 steps
tree is (((Spar, Scer), ((Scas, (Calb, Sklu)), (Sbay, Skud))), Smik)

